Why are you here?
What about An An?
It's disturbing the family of three.
Sunny, you misunderstood.
Military, he's sick.
I found them the widows talking rather pitifully.
Can this help your roommate?
You're so kind.
You will surely understand my understanding.
What about An An?
When you saved their mother and son, did you ever think about safety?
What are you eating here?
I just came because of An An.
He's a friend.
OK, you take care of An An again, I'll be right back. Go home.
Do we have a house?
Yes...
You know, he put it back together.
Come see what's wrong with the army.
Don't be afraid, we'll be right there.
How do I go to see the Army?
If he's okay, I'll be right back.
Deputy Hoai An
Never saw An again.
What are you talking about?
I said Vice Hoai An.
You'll never see An again.
Because he's dead.
There used to be a lot of mothers.
Jealous.
You lock your son up.
Oh, come back.
Wait for me to come home with my aunt.
Spring peach peach
Miss, you have a fever.
The general is back.
Miss.
You said the Army broke its head today.
They can't live without him.
Tell him to find another doctor quickly.
Deputy Hoai An is dead.
There's no one else.
It bothers you and your mother.
It's fun.